so decided a wedding narrow bridge
one more shot at glory here
Danny what's it what's back on top of
that podium I can tell
well Danny was in third place in London
so he had a place on the podium and it
would be a nice exit to the season for
him to come back on top his kid trax in
his sleep
there we go solid it out flying through
the air
supra any input
straightening out the damn Club Penguin
double-double cutting that corner short
there's Adam Jones looking on shaking
the head work
Danny with the club banger
Oh lazy boy they've got almost a bit
over hosting in there in that little
section in particular could come down to
a catch-22 situation where chooses to
flip the kicker and Danny chooses to
flip the dirt one
and vice versa so what are the judges
looking for more is it gets dollar to
put that dirt kicker or the super ticker
Adam a huge flat lighter if I'm a judge
and I listen to the way you describe
that dirt kicker i'm going to see that
they're going to be favoring the dirt
congrats
Danny definitely the showman not holding
back looking at the crowd
doing the tricks that the crowd likes
it's hard to take that helmet from that
when the judge incumbent breaking down
where
Carlos something different
buddy Miami
so that run as well get the fiance the
soon-to-be mrs. Cortez looking on
Oh stripper friend something new for him
and there with the salad whoops
you might have invented
but I can do it just as good so here we
go tit for tat these two guys will
definitely be making it interesting for
the remainder of this competition game 4
is throwing down
look out
he's all about the celebration right now
there we go pump it up the crowd
wait for it see if this works as good as
it does in Spain and in Mexico
well help from the speaker
the floor
there is no stranger to the show
amazing ride picture-perfect I didn't
see any mistakes in that run that was
about as good as it gets and now the
pressure rotates back to Adam Jones take
a look at these slow mo replays here
that is holding it out kind of floating
in the air time standing still for a
second
here we go with the seat grab Indian
there's not a lot of riders again
stretching that big right side up he's
got great extension on Malachor liver
hair flip great extension there as well
pull our nub way over his head yeah
that's truly truly really was holding
nothing back and then close it up Jimmy
McGuire style the Christ their
cliffhanger
and then follows that right through with
the huge lazy boy slip on the dirt
kicker nice landings in his run I really
like how he aims all this stuff to point
to the next corner there's the oxic you
sioner but properly interesting to see
how many jumps he gets in compared to
Adam he's got a lot more speed going as
he's riding but the routing is
everything
his runs as far as we've seen so far in
this area that has enough time to flip a
180 around and get one more trick in
just off this double landing